going on guys Jewboy Dennis here ted's
with you spike spotlight breaking you
out something that everybody's always
looking for as matter of fact I'm
willing to bet you that this is going to
set a sales record as a matter of fact
but what is it is it sold already
no I mean I'm doing a video any I'm
going to do the video Mikey yeah I don't
give any of these anyway to 2006
harley-davidson Night Train okay
everybody's looking for the night train
you want to know why playing except for
it sit down deep in it you got that
straight bar on it you just get that bad
attitude you hardly use that term before
I'm a 5 foot 10 guy and the four
controls hit me absolutely perfect 2006
you're going to have that 88 cubic inch
motor you have a five-speed transmission
this bike is injected so it is quicker
on the snap on the throttle that 88
cubic inch motor we all know we all love
it it's torquey it's responsive and it
feels great going down the highway
especially me seeking deep into that
soft tail Softail means you're gonna
have to counterbalance motor now very
minimal in the vibration great look on
the machine
dark gnarly pretty much the father of
the dark custom love series it's out
today you know Harley's gone a long way
with it and well this is the reason why
this is what started it like I said she
has a 2006 she's got good good mileage
on your twenty two thousand three
hundred forty nine miles not a lot of
miles at all for what this bike should
or would have it was in my garage and
all the same price tag guys were talking
10 for 10 for 95 on a night train okay
that sports your money okay we're
talking right around $200 a month if
you're going to come in and talk to
David GT and finance it get it lined up
guys it's a night train so as I said no
it's not so alright hurry up give me a
call six one eight four six two thirty
thirty or hit me up via email Dennis at
ten motorcycle Worldcom I will see you
guys in rode till then twenty two
thousand three hundred and forty nine
let's call it 360
five seven five
and